Add wayk_core crate providing GFWX header data structure (#2)
Devolutions/wayk-now-rs: wayk_core/README.md

> Wayk Core

Reviewer: Add badges.

=================

> Contains any data structure used beside the specific data to wayk now protocol

Reviewer: Add this to the root README too.

```suggestion
Provides data structures and other utilities used by Wayk products not specific to protocol itself.
```
